All right, so two things here worry is the wrong word. You should never
worry about retirement too. You should always think about retirement.
So as soon as you, uh, basically, as soon as you raise your right
hand, you should be focused on retirement. You should live your career
to retire. So the idea for me is to retire. Excuse me is to retire
as an 06 at 25 years. That would give me that would put me out of
certain income range and a certain pension range. Also, the Navy has
done an awesome job of helping sailors plan for retirement through
the first savings playing the TSP. So out of your 1st 4 years, say,
within the military or a typical enlistment for Ah, listen, serviceman,
you'll be on like a probationary pier where you're, uh, basically,
you're given, I think, 5%. After that first year of being in the
military, the neighborhood match 5% to your 5% and you can put anywhere
up to nothing each year or your entire paycheck or your special
pays or your bonuses into this TSP A good rule of thumb for investing
into your retirement is 10%. So I would recommend you put in about
10% into your retirement through the TSP monthly and for the start
of your career, a CZ you gain income and gain rank and obtained bonuses.
I would say, you know, find that financial freedom to balance
that you're spending habits and but paying by paint. But paying yourself
first through your investments in your TSP. So you should never
worry about retirement but should always have it on your mind. So
invested in your retirement by using utilizing the TSP and other investments.
Such a mutual funds. Rafael Reyes Traditional IRAs, um, certificates
of deposits, things that of that nature. So never worry about
retirement, but think about it always.